Set up for PostgreSQL function doc (#1020)
timescale/docs: functions/order-by.md

| 6 | 2022-01-01 | a |   72.70 |
```

Here's a more realistic example:

```sql
weather_station_data: 
| weather_station_id | weather_station_location | time | temperature | humidity |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| 6 | Harrisburgh | 2022-03-23 12:00:00 | 49.4 | 65 |
| 6 | Harrisburgh | 2022-03-23 10:00:00 | 47.8 | 67 |
| 14 | Pittsburgh | 2022-03-23 12:00:00 | 52.1 | 32 |
.
.
.
```

When you analyze weather station data across multiple cities, you need to order
the station's readings by their time, and possibly location, to get the most
recent weather readings. In fact, for most time-series data applications, `time`
is usually sorted descending so that the most recent data is displayed first:

```sql
SELECT * FROM weather_station_data
ORDER BY time DESC, weather_station
```

Results:

```sql
| weather_station_id | weather_station_location | time | temperature | humidity |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| 1 | Allentown | 2022-03-23 12:00:00 | 48.1 | 53 |
| 2 | Altoona | 2022-03-23 12:00:00 | 49.2 | 67 |
| 3 | Clearfield | 2022-03-23 12:00:00 | 47.9 | 56 |
. 
. 
. 
```

The results display the most recent weather readings ordered by the weather
station location alphabetically.

## Next steps

> For more information about the `ORDER BY` clause and how to use it within
> PostgreSQL. Make sure to check out [the PostgreSQL documentation][postgres-docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the `ORDER BY` clause and how to use it within
PostgreSQL, see [the PostgreSQL documentation][postgres-docs].
```

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about the `ORDER BY` clause and how to use it within
PostgreSQL, see the [PostgreSQL documentation][[orderby-postgres]].
```

Additionally, for more examples of how to use `ORDER BY` in your queries, check
out these Timescale documentation sections:

<!---
Include links to examples in docs here
-->

[orderby-postgres]: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/queries-order.html

> [postgres-docs]: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/currentqueries-order.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[postgres-docs]: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/queries-order.html
```

Author: ```suggestion
```
